What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
What was the last lie you told?
When have you had to walk away in shame?
If you could go out on a date with anyone in this room who would it be?
If you could kiss anyone one in this room who would it be?
Who was your first crush?
What is the first physical feature you look for in someone you are attracted to?
What flaw is enough to cause you to break off a relationship?
When you are trying to impress people what personality trait do you hide?
What action from you past would put you in jail if law enforcement ever found out?
If you were the opposite sex for one day, what would you look like and what would you do?
Why did you break up with your most recent girlfriend/boyfriend?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What TV show are you embarrassed about watching?
What is the longest you have gone without taking a bath/shower?
What fear keeps you up at night?
Assuming every man/woman has their price, what is yours?
What Is The Most Embarrassing Thing That Your Parents Have Caught You Doing?
What do you do to let someone that you are interested in know that you like him/her?
Have you ever stolen anything? If so, what was it?
How do you think you are most likely to die?
If you will be given a chance to become invisible for one day, what would do with this ability?
What is the most disgusting dare you have ever gone through with?
You’ve just won the lottery, what is the very first thing you spend your money on?
What is one item that you really wish you had right now?
Fuck, marry, kill...
If you could try one drug without anyone ever finding out you’ve done it, which drug would it be?(You will not become addicted to it)
What is your worst habit?
Do you sing in the shower?
You’re in a public restroom and just went #2, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don’t?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Who is the hottest? Hagrid, Dumbledore, or Dobby?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift? How did you pretend?
Have you ever ignored a friend's text. Why did you do it?
If someone asked you what your best friend is like, how would you describe them?
If your girl/boyfriend hated your best friend, what would you do?
Who are you jealous of?
What have you lied to your partner about?
When was the last time you cried?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What's the craziest thing you've done while under the influence?
If you had the power to fire one teacher, who would it be?
Have you ever searched for something dirty on the internet?
Who was the last person you licked?
What is the most embarrassing picture of you?
What is the meanest you have been to someone that didn’t deserve it?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What is the last dream you remember?
When Was The Last Time You Told A Lie?
Have You Ever Cried From Watching A TV Show Or A Movie?
