Dance to a song of the group’s choosing.
Give your best lap dance to the person across from you.
Spin in circles for a few seconds.
Kiss every player’s hand.
Draw a face around your belly button.
Let a member of the opposite sex use you as a footrest.
Pretend to be an animal of the group’s choosing for 3 minutes.
You must remain completely silent for your next 2 turns.
Clasp your hands behind your back. Have another player feed you from their hands. The use of utensils is not allowed.
Pick a player and make them laugh by whatever means you can.
Use a seductive voice to tell another player about one of your turn-offs.
Get slapped on the face by everyone.
Do three different yoga positions. Get input from the group on your form and stance.
Have another player draw a mustache on you using ketchup, mustard or some other food item.
Read the last text message you received out loud.
Talk for 90 seconds without stopping or using the word “um”.
Have another player style your hair.
Spin the bottle. Whoever it lands on, you must kiss them on the cheek.
Write a slogan for the person to your left and recite it to them.
For every person playing the game, run around the outside of the house that many times.
Have a member of the opposite sex apply makeup to your face. You must leave it on until the game is over.
Beg and plead with the person to your right not to leave you for that other boy or girl.
Sell a piece of trash to someone in the group. Use your best salesmanship.
Stick your arm into the trash can past your elbow.
Take a trash can and do a full spin with it over your head.
Drag your butt on the carpet like a dog from one end of the room to the other.
Remove the socks of a person sitting next to you with your teeth.
Show everyone what is in your bag.
Give 3 random people a big hug.
Hold hands with the person to your left for 2 turns.
Try to lick your elbow.
Try to juggle 3 things of the group’s choice.
Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Do 25 squats.
Show the group your screen time report.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind.
Whisper a secret to the person on your left.
Hold your drink with two hands for 2 turns.
Show your favourite picture of yourself.
Dance without music for a minute.
Try not to laugh for the next 5 minutes.
Read out the last five things on your search history.
Let another player draw a tattoo on you.
Say everything in a whisper for the next 5 minutes.
Put as many snacks into your mouth at once as you can.
Smile as widely as you can and hold it for two minutes.
Do the chicken dance.
Do your best Shrek impression.
Speak Minionese for 2 minutes.
Draw your favourite movie and have the other players guess it.
Wear another player’s socks like gloves for the next five minutes.
Describe the most attractive quality of every person in the room.
Balance a spoon/pen on your nose for thirty seconds.
Walk like a crab across the room.
Try counting backwards from 100 in multiples of three.
Touch your toes.
Hop on one leg for 1 minute.
Pet someone as if they are a pet.
Speak only in rhyme for 10 minutes.
Mime your star sign.
Do your best impression of another player until someone guesses who it is.
Speak only in questions for the next three rounds.
Wear your shirt inside out for the rest of the game.
Do your best “old person” walk across the room.
Act out the last emoji you used.
Switch clothes with another player for the rest of the game.
Do a trust fall with the person to your left.
Do your best “acceptance speech,” thanking everyone in the room.
Recreate a famous meme pose and let the group photograph it.
Let the group assign you a ridiculous nickname for the rest of the night.
Perform a 30-second infomercial for the most boring object in the room.
Make eye contact with somebody for 1 minute without looking away.
Talk to a houseplant (or any object) as if it’s your therapist for 60 seconds.
Walk in slow motion everywhere you go for the next five minutes.
Eat a snack with no hands.
Pretend to be a statue and hold a pose of the group’s choice for 60 seconds.
Let the group choose your phone wallpaper for 24 hours.
Try to say a tongue twister five times fast.
Play “Simon Says” as Simon for two minutes.
See how long you can go without blinking.
Narrate the game for the next round.
Pretend you are a model and do a dramatic catwalk.
Recite the alphabet backwards.
Pretend you are a cowboy and attempt to lasso someone or something in the room.
Do as many push-ups as you can in one minute.
Chug a glass of water/soda/alcohol.
Give a shoulder rub to the player to your right.
Lead the group in a mini yoga class for one minute.
Do a plank for a full minute.
Repeat everything the person to your right says until your next turn.
Do a magic trick.
Howl at the moon (or the sun, if it hasn't set yet).
Make a hat out of tin foil and wear it for the evening.
Chug a carbonated beverage and burp as loudly as possible.
Write a haiku and recite it.
Pretend you are a pirate for the next round.
Explain a book without using the title.
Read the last text message you sent out loud.
Pretend to be a waiter and take everyone’s imaginary orders.
Make up a completely ridiculous conspiracy theory and convince the group it is true.