Where’s the weirdest/most adventurous place you’ve had sex?
Do you have any secret fantasies?
What’s your favourite sex position?
When was the last time you masturbated?
Name something typically non-sexual that turns you on?
Do you prefer to be dominant or submissive?
What sexual act(s) are you not into?
What's at the top of your sexual bucket list?
Would you ever hook up in a public place?
What's the hottest thing anyone has said to you during sex?
Have you ever brought a stranger home for a hookup?
What's the sexiest song of all time, in your opinion?
Would you ever try swinging?
What's the longest you've gone without sex?
What's the worst sex position you've ever tried?
In your opinion, who is the sexiest fictional character of all time?
Have you ever incorporated food in the bedroom?
Is there a certain sex act that grosses you out?
What was the most erotic porn you've ever watched?
What was the weirdest porn you've ever watched?
What is the youngest age and oldest age of someone you would sleep with?
How much money would it take for you to accept a sexual proposition from a wealthy stranger?
What part of your body is an unexpected erogenous zone?
What was the weirdest thing you actually liked in bed with an ex?
Have you ever hooked up with more than one person in a day?
Do you prefer masturbating alone or mutual masturbation with a partner?
What is the most non-sexual feature on someone else that has turned you on?
What kinds of compliments make you feel the sexiest and most confident?
What is the dirtiest thing you've ever said while flirting?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever masturbated to?
Would you hook up with a clone of yourself?
Is there an item of clothing that always turns you on?
Who is your “hear me out” crush?
Where is the most unconventional place you've had sex?
Would you ever go to a sex party?
Would you ever give a partner feedback about their sexual performance?
Have you ever had a sexy phone call?
Have you ever filmed a sexy video with a partner?
Have you ever watched porn with your partner?
With whom out of this group do you think you'd have a pretty baby and with whom an ugly one?
What do you enjoy more? Slow and tender sex or hot and passionate?
Which of your co-players do you think is in for a visit to a swingers club?
What is the best time of day to have sex?
Do you like loud or silent people in bed?
Is sex better with the lights on or off?
Have you taken nude pictures of yourself?
What article of clothing in your closet do you find the sexiest?
What's your favorite sex act to receive?
What's your favorite sex act to give?
Do you like to more give or receive?