What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
What was the last lie you told?
If you could go out on a date with anyone in this room, who would it be?
Who was your first crush?
What is the first physical feature you look for in someone you are attracted to?
What flaw is enough to cause you to break off a relationship?
When you are trying to impress people, what personality trait do you hide?
What action from your past would put you in jail if law enforcement ever found out?
If you were the opposite sex for one day, what would you look like, and what would you do?
Why did you break up with your most recent girlfriend/boyfriend?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What TV show are you embarrassed about watching?
What is the longest you have gone without taking a bath/shower?
What fear keeps you up at night?
What is the most embarrassing thing that your parents have caught you doing?
What do you do to let someone that you are interested in know that you like them?
Have you ever stolen anything? If so, what was it?
How do you think you are most likely to die?
If you were given the chance to become invisible for one day, what would you do with this ability?
What is the most disgusting dare you have ever gone through with?
You’ve just won the lottery. What is the very first thing you would spend your money on?
What is one item that you really wish you had right now?
Fuck, marry, kill...
What is your worst habit?
If your girlfriend/boyfriend hated your best friend, what would you do?
If you could kiss anyone in this room, who would it be?
You’re in a public restroom and just went #2, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don’t?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift?
Have you ever ignored a friend's text? Why did you do it?
If someone asked you what your best friend is like, how would you describe them?
Who are you jealous of?
What have you lied to your partner about?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the craziest thing you've done while under the influence?
If you had the power to fire one teacher, who would it be?
What is the most embarrassing picture of you?
What is the meanest you have been to someone that didn’t deserve it?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What is the last dream you remember?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've Googled?
Who's the last person you searched on the Internet?
What's the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What's your biggest fashion regret?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
Would you ever get plastic surgery?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever gotten?
What's the most you've ever spent on a night out?
What have you purchased that's been the biggest waste of money?
If you could do any job in the world, what would it be?
What’s your most controversial political opinion?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
Did you ever get in trouble at school? And if so, what for?
What are your five most-watched films?
What's the worst meal you've ever cooked?
Which fashion trend are you embarrassed to admit you’ve taken part in?
Have you ever had an imaginary friend?
Do you believe in aliens?
What is a weird food that you love?
Do you have any fake social media accounts?
What's the worst thing you've ever done at work?
Do you have a least favourite family member? If so, why?
What's the worst date you've been on?
What are you most excited about at this very moment?
What's one thing you wish you'd lied about?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for, and why?
If you could only ever watch rom-coms or scary movies for the rest of your life, which would you choose and why?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
What three things would you bring to a deserted island?
What was your u childhood show?
What's one silly thing you can't live without?
Who do you text the most?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever experienced?
If you could only accomplish three things in life, what would they be?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done to get a crush’s attention?
If you had to get a tattoo today, what would it be?
What popular TV show or movie do you secretly hate?
What’s the luckiest thing that’s ever happened to you?
If you had to move to a different country tomorrow, where would you go?
Do you sing in the shower? What was the last song you belted out?
How have your priorities changed over time?
What was your biggest childhood fear?
Do you think you’re a good person?
What’s something you know you need to do but aren’t looking forward to at all?
Personality-wise, are you more like your mom or your dad?
What are the things you think about before falling asleep?
Name one thing you’d do if you knew there’d be zero consequences.
What's a conspiracy theory you actually believe?
What’s your survival plan during a zombie apocalypse?
What's the most memorable lesson you learned from your parents?
Have you ever lost a friendship that you still miss?
What’s a belief or opinion you’ve changed your mind about recently?
What is something stupid you have done to try to be ‘cooler’?